1. The decline is linked to the epidemic and not very indicative of a long-term trend.
2. It's without question economically disruptive, but can opportunities be found in the crisis?
3. Many children like to complain about their pushy parents who are eager to control every aspect of their life, from the clothing to relationships with others. Because of parents who nag their children and issue endless warnings, many children now prefer to ask for help online.
4. It sets off the plot of the play.  它使这出戏的情节活跃起来。
5. promote various causes 推动多项事业
6. advocacy on 拥护某一事情，站某一边的队
7. public figure 公众人物
8. be cited as 被称为
9. gender inequality 性别不平等，性别歧视 
10. It’s widely acknowledged that she has achieved much more acclaim for being a philanthropist than being an actress. ……是普遍接受的  acclaim v/n 称赞
11. Children will become affable because of the love they give to their pets, which in turn will create for-reaching implications for their future.   affable 和蔼可亲的，容易相处的
 for-reaching 影响深远的  implication 暗示，含义，卷入 in turn 反过来
12. To conclude, pets are just like our friends who help us drive away loneliness and satisfy some of our mental and spiritual needs.  drive away 驱散
13. companionship =friendship  an exhausting day 精疲力竭的一天 
14. Obviously, pets could bring us relaxation and refreshment, not to mention the feeling of being needed and relied upon.   Intrigue 引起……好奇心
15. They can write on topics that intrigue them and express their ideas without having to warry about being graded or making grammatical errors.  意译为 被指责
16. At the same time, they are encouraged to incorporate creativity into their learning process. Blogs have therefore created a new and unique way for students to learn. Incorporate 纳入、吸收进
17. Uniforms, especially those having color and style requirements for every part of the outfit, are not easily affordable for many parents.  Outfit 全套的行头，比如a wedding outfit 指的是几套衣服裙子裤子和各种搭配
18. excessive physical play 过多的肢体活动
19. require the purchase of new accessories 需要购入新配饰
20.  Thanks to the enforcement of stricter regulations in schooling and the reinforcement of the school management, many issues have surfaced based on the proliferation of the internet. Enforcement n.执行，实施，强制---强制措施 reinforcement n.加固，增援-增强  proliferation 增值，扩散
21. cyber bullying 网络暴力 
22. Students are now using social networks to conduct cyber bullying against their peers. It is the same as the traditional way of bullying, both of which isolate classmates and then attack them in a malicious way. Undeniably, cyber bullying should ring alarm bells for both teachers and parents because some serious consequences could arise for the young victims.  Malicious  Adj 心怀不轨的
23. It is reported that some teenagers committed suicide because of the abusive words and threats they had received. Since the Internet is not an easy forum to supervise, it’s the responsibility of teachers and parents to teach children the fine line between free speech and cyber bullying in order to protect anyone who may get hurt from this new type of school violence.      ……间的界限
24. Walt Disney designed Disneyland in a way which encourages visitors to flow through different lands in a particular order, with each land exploring a part of the United Stats that is indicative of American’s rich history and culture.  Flow through 经历
25. More importantly, Disneyland is not only a theme park, but rather a symbolic place that encapsulates American idealism.   Not only …… but rather= but also
Encapsulate 压缩、把……封进胶囊
26. as opposed to 而不是 Disneyland is located in a small, historical town named Anaheim as opposed to a much larger city such as LosAngeles.
27. The idealism rather than realism that the park represents creates a national fervor among visitors.
28. When it comes to the issue of career path, children are strongly influenced by their parents and other family members. Our parents define us not only genetically but rather in the background they provide for us as we grow up.
29 It’s easily to turn down the advice the offer, but it is also impossible to avoid the influences they have instilled upon our way of thinking.  Instill 灌输、植入
30. …… are a perfect illustration of this point.  
Powerful class 统治阶级 make friends with   such a powerful class of people
31. Globalization has never been so desirable as the whole world is seeking a way of solving unprecedented complex issues like terrorism, climate change and economic recession.   Desirable 值得拥有的，在这里为important
Unprecedented complex issues 空前难题 economic recession 经济衰退
32. This integration on an international level is receiving increasing attention right now. For example, the heads of the industrialized and developing economies have already formed a new type of forum named the G20 to address economic issues each year.    Address economic issues 解决经济问题
33. This is not only an alliance between advanced and emerging nations, but also a crucial chance to find a way to unite the world on certain problems.  
Alliance 联盟，联合，联姻 emerging nations 新兴国家 crucial 重要的决定性的关键的
34. When the most influential political leaders are gathering to discuss global issues, people are seeing the determination to confront our most challenging and complicated problems. 
35. It was these combined efforts that helped the world get through the financial tsunami of 2008.  
句式 + combined …… get through
36. With more cooperation and less confrontation, it is reasonable for us to believe that globalization till only bring us more benefits. 
36. As the truth is sometimes difficult to confront, there are times when a white lie or the absence of some key facts becomes appropriate.  Confront 遭遇、面对
37 These divergences will unavoidably cause miscommunications, breakdowns of trust and other dysfunctional behaviors.  Divergence 分歧   breakdown of trust 信任崩溃  dysfunctional 功能失调的  miscommunication 错误传达
38. They support their children in an unwavering way. Do sth in an unwavering way 坚定不移做某事
39. non-profit 非盈利的  world-class  世界级的 世界一流的
40. Image an African children, who lives in a rural area, having access to tutoring from the top universities through this website.
41. with the assistance of the Internet 
42. These achievements perfectly embody the core spirit of the Internet, which is quality and sharing.
43. Maslow’s Hierarchy of Needs Theory  马斯洛需求金字塔
44. The most common needs are physiological needs (including food and shelter) and safety needs, both of which are tightly connected to basic survival.  基本生存需求
45. self-actualization needs (as known as the needs to fulfill oneself)  自我价值实现  实现自我
46. while working as a lawyer in his early forties, Nelson Mandela was repeated arrested for attempting to overthrow the radically divisive apartheid government that existed in South Africa.
Overthrow 推翻、投球 repeatedly 反复地再三地 divisive 分裂的区分的造成不和的
Apartheid  n种族隔离
47. Instead of giving up his idea of establishing a nation without institutionalized racism, he secretly joined the South African Communist Party.  种族歧视
48. Mandela successfully mobilized a sabotage campaign which advocated the betterment of the country as well as its people. 动员、鼓动、发动 v/n 蓄意破坏妨害| 刻意阻碍  改善改良改进、涨价
49. Due to his tireless efforts, he was arrested again several years later and sentenced to life imprisonment. 不知疲倦的努力——不懈的努力 终生监禁无期徒刑
50. Foe the next 27 years, Mandela never stopped campaigning for racial equality, despite the fact that he was incarcerated.  Adj 封闭的 v 监禁（过去式）
51. Giant Panda(s) 大熊猫 help giant pandas in existence 
52. The center, in collaboration with the central government and many world’s leading wildlife conservation organization, has spared no efforts in expanding panda reserves, improving panda breeding management and conducting extensive scientific research on the reintroduction of captive-bred giant pandas to their natural habitat.与……勾结/合作 野生动物保护组织 Captive-bred n 圈养繁殖 
53. Simultaneously, strict laws against panda poaching and fur smuggling have been stipulated.
Simultaneously 同时地 poach 偷猎fur smuggle皮毛走私 smuggle vt走私偷运 stipulate V规定保证
54. The public is now equipped with the knowledge disseminated by the center and is increasingly aware of the importance of animal protection.  Disseminated V 散布撒播 adj浸染的散播性的

55. Peer pressure is almost undetectable, yet it enormously impacts people’s behaviors. This psychological phenomenon happens to anyone who are just beginning to develop their personality.
Undetectable adj看不到的察觉不出的探测不出的 enormously adv非常地极其在极大程度上
56. if most of the students in a class own an iPad, the remaining students would also want an iPad to avoid feeling “inferior” to their classmates.  Remaining 替换some others 自卑的 低下的下等的/次品
57. Some people may argue that people are driven by peer pressure in almost every situation.
Be driven by 被……所驱使
58. make rational use of this inside motivation 
59 To specify, peer pressure could serve as an effective tool of leadership. Instead of delegating tasks directly, it’s advisable to create a comparable and competing atmosphere in order to inspire innovation in people.  Delegate v 授权、选举、委派  可取的 
60. as a result, the whole team tends to work with higher efficiency and team members are more likely to feel rewarded accordingly.   Rewarded 有回报的 accordingly 相应地
61. Pre-school education constitutes the crucial stage for children’s early development since it occurs at the time when children are learning basic social skills and building self-confidence. 
是……的重要阶段  社交技能 
62. During the early stages of education, students are encouraged to learn from playing in conjunction with studying.  一同促成、连同、与……协力   learn-while-play  玩中学
63. diminishing adj 逐渐减少的v减少递减削弱……权势 diminish  vt /vi（使）减少变小  increasing
64. During the campaign, twenty-five tiger reserves were established where human development and inhabitation was forbidden. On these reserves, the breeding of tigers has been facilitated, and mature tigers have been transported to other regions with the goal of increasing their worldwide population.
Facilitated v-ed 促进帮助
65. Due to this fact, they are no longer on the brink of extinction.  在……的边缘
66. Carrying over 10 billion passengers per year, it has transported more passengers than any other high-speed line in the world.
67.  metropolises pl  metropolis n 大都市 the largest metropolises in Japanese
68. Up to 13 trains per hour with 16 cars each (1323-seat capacity) run in each direction with a minimum headway of 3 minutes between trains.  两车间的最短间隔时间
69. Switching from a conventional to a high-speed network has been estimated to save 400 million travel hours annually, which equals an economic influence of 500 billion yen per year.
70． In terms of = about
71. SoHo, a district of the New York City, is one of the best case studies illustrating the influence brought about by the renovation of traditional buildings. Renovation n革新、修理、翻新、更新
72. This community is a must-see for almost all of the people who visit the New York City since everyone who has been there was amazed by the interesting combination of the architectural style of industrialization and the edge culture of modern society. 必看的 边缘文化
73. Pressured on many sides, 迫于多方压力  inner-city 市中心的
74. This place is now better known for its variety of shops, ranging from trendy upscale boutiques to national and international chain store outlets.  Trendy upscale boutiques 时尚高档精品店
Upscale adj高消费的，高档的 v升高一级 adv向高档地 outlet n出路、销售点、批发商点
75.  This history of this area is a good example of inner-city regeneration, encompassing socio-economic, culture, political and architectural developments.  包含
包含： including, encompassing,  containing,  involving, comprising 
76 inciting incident     acoustical spectrum     infrasound     
Echolocation is pretty self-explanatory . bats use it for navigation and orientation        emits         
diagram         sophisticated  filtering    ground clutter          deciduous           even     
 oak        jagged predators
煽动事件	声频谱	次声		回声定位是非常不言自明的。蝙蝠用它来导航和定位		发出
图		复杂的		过滤		地面杂波		落叶 平坦的	橡木	锯齿状的	捕食者
77. back then 那时候
78. Image a society with more walker than strollers. This is the sign of an aging society. As the proportion of elderly people increase, the social structure will experience significant changes.
79. The elderly members of a family are more likely to feel isolated and abandoned especially when the pace of modern life has been accelerating ever faster.
80 The advent of computer and the Internet has provided easy and ready access for people to search for relative information in a short period of time.
81. time-consuming adj耗时的，旷日持久的，费时间的  liberate …… from  从某个东西、地方释放出来
The electronic calculator has liberated accountants from complex and repetitive calculation that are time-consuming. 
82. Although it seems more convenient when people talk to each other via emails or phone calls, face-to-face communication is still the most complete way for us to communicate with each other.  真正意义上的
83. Finding out information via an email is impersonal and it is like reading an article in a newspaper because we do not receive an instant response from the other side.  冷淡的  及时反馈
84. Also, the effectiveness of non-verbal cues, such as gestures and facial expressions, can never be underestimated.  非语言表示  v低估看轻 n低估
85．Body language transmits key information is a subtle yet effective way.  传递  微妙的微小的
85．Body language transmits key information is a subtle yet effective way.  传递  微妙的微小的
86. located in the heart of New York    metropolitan n大城市人，大主教 adj 大都市的 
The most visited art museums in the world对  外开放的
87. Its permanent collection contains more than 2 million works, crafted during the Middle Ages, to American modern art, as well as from traditional Australian musical instruments to Africa tribe porcelain. 固定展品
部落瓷器  calligraphy 书法作品 Tibetan n西藏人，藏语adj西藏的藏语的 handicraft 手工制品
Bronze wares 青铜器
88. Inevitably, multitasking is becoming a must for today’s work force due to the accelerating speed of life. Inevitably 必然地  work force 劳动力   accelerating = increasing 
89. inner-office 跨部门的  use time with higher efficiency
90. multitasking allows one to switch the force from one task to another in a relatively short time
91. Those without ability to multitask will be buried by endless phone call , emails and paperwork.
92. Art, the mirror of an advancing society, can reflect every aspect of our life. Movies, the popular culture medium, impact people’s life in personal ways.
92. Viewed by millions of people, movies can create a fantasy world or they can depict the cruelty of the real world. 描述 残酷残忍
93. An Inconvenient Truth is one of the excellent productions, which unveils the seriousness of climate change.  Vt使公诸于众 揭开 揭幕 vi除去棉纱 显露
94. Today’s younger generation has no choice no to confront this crisis bead-on. 正面地
95. This movie rings the alarm that our climate will change the course of history for beyond our imagination. 超乎想象地
96. With the widespread application of sophisticated information and communication technologies, the concept of creating a ‘smart city’ has been proposed as the ultimate goal that large cities would seek in their future development.  Adj（人）老奸巨猾的 （其他）比较精密、复杂的   终极目标  n终极根本 adj最终的极限的 根本的
97. A smart city could largely improve the quality of life and the performance if urban services.
98. In Barcelona, a new bus network has been designed to utilize vertical, horizontal and diagonal routes with a number of interchanges, based on the analysis of the most common traffic flows.  利用  水平的倾斜的对角线的
99. Also, when a smart traffic lights are set up and the traffic management software is installed, the number of green lights on each street has been optimized to avoid traffic congestion as well as to ambulances to reach incidents without any delay. 优化 交通堵塞
100. The debate over different parenting techniques has never stopped. Modern parents are divided between a permissive style and a tiger style, and the latter seems more effective.  溺爱的
101. The burning topic of a Tiger Mother illustrates how a Chinese mom cruelly, yet successfully, raised two prodigies.  热点话题 奇迹奇才
102. However, controversies and rumination surfaced soon after the mother proudly introduced her parenting methodology to the public. 争议和反思 a ruthless form of education 无情的残酷的 
103. Relationship within such families usually deteriorate due to the lack of communication. Vi恶化变坏vt恶化
104 People who speak to others in a courteous manner are more likely to make a good impression than those who have bad manners.  礼貌的态度
105 Politeness makes it easier to have a good first impression on people in social or professional settings.
第一印象 在某种情景下 in daily settings 在日常生活中
106. In Japan, retail clerks and customer service representatives are very polite when they greet customers, handle money and escort customers out of their shops. 收银员 客服代表
107. Thanks to advanced technology, people today can enjoy an increasingly professional yet relaxing working environment.
108. work from home
109. many benefits. Among them, the flexibility to meet family needs and the responsibilities of daily life is probably the greatest.
110. Flexible schedules in working time and more choices for job locations provide employees with precious time and opportunities to pursue their own interests and to be with their families.
111. Employees will feel more motivated and engaged in their working environment and will therefore be more productive.
112/ This win-win situation is exactly what modern business management is aiming for.
113. Companies that provide such options for their employees would also be potential beneficiaries.

